Updated common issues added issues and fixes (#820)
nRF24/RF24: COMMON_ISSUES.md

2. Needs shielding from electromagnetic interference. Shielding usually works best when it has a path to ground (GND pin), but this connection to the GND pin is not required. It is important that the sheilding does not touch any current carrying parts.
   - Professionals tend to use a faraday cage/mesh to implement electromagnetic shielding, but it can be pricey for this scenario.
   - A quick do-it-yourself solution (as proof-of-concept) would be to wrap the PA/LNA module with electrical tape and then wrap foil around the electrical tape (for shielding) while being very careful to not let the foil touch any current carrying parts (like the GPIO pins, the antenna mount, and the soldier joints for the antenna mount). Observe
   [![ghetto_shielding_1.png](https://github.com/nRF24/RF24/blob/master/images/ghetto_sheilding_1.png)](https://github.com/nRF24/RF24/blob/master/images/ghetto_sheilding_1.png)
   [![ghetto_shielding_2.png](https://github.com/nRF24/RF24/blob/master/images/ghetto_sheilding_2.png)](https://github.com/nRF24/RF24/blob/master/images/ghetto_sheilding_2.png)

### My PA/LNA module doesnt perform as well as I'd hoped or the NRF radio works better on touching it

> As above the NRF24 modules, notably the PA+LNA versions are reliant on a stable power source. While modules may work with a poor power supply they often lose packets or fail to receive as many as a module with a better power source. Moreover this can sometimes be seen in odd ways such as the NRF module working better when touched, this again is likely a power source issue.

Reviewer: - I think "radio" works better as not all RF24 modules use the nRF24L01 IC
- I hate to be this guy, but you're habits on comma usage could some refreshment (no offense)
```suggestion
As above the radio modules, notably the PA+LNA versions, are reliant on a stable power source. While these modules may work with a poor power supply, they often lose packets or fail to receive as many as a module with a better power source. Moreover, this can sometimes be seen in odd ways such as the radio module working better when touched, this again is likely power stability issue because the radio module is missing a capacitor (a commonly neglected expense on behalf of the module's manufacturer).
```

Author: Ouch but, true :)

> 1. Add capacitors close to the VCC and GND pins of the NRF24, typically 10uF is used although depending upon setup even differences in these can be seen such that a low ESR rated capacitor is desirable.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this needs to be an ordered list; it could probably just be a new paragraph. Also, can we separate this long sentence into something a bit more rudimentary? You clearly are trying to express a complex idea here, but limit yourself to 1 sentence to do so.
```suggestion
Add capacitor(s) close to the VCC and GND pins of the radio. Typically, 10uF is enough. Depending upon your circuit's layout, differences in capacitors' electrolytic properties can be seen such that a low ESR (Equivalent Series Resistance) rated capacitor is desirable.
```
In the above suggestion, I took a little liberty in expanding some slightly vague points. Please correct me if I misunderstood the original meaning.

Author: All good
